+++ 
draft = false
date = 2023-09-29T16:36:08-04:00
title = "Another Rainy Early Fall Day"
description = ""
slug = ""
authors = ["Courtney Caldwell"]
tags = ["Personal","Minimalism"]
categories = ["Blog"]
externalLink = ""
series = []
+++

# Another Rainy Early Fall Day

## Consumption

**Reading:** *Thursday Murder Club* by Richard Osman\
**Listening:** *25 Nights for Nujabes* by Ta-ku

## Creation

### Daily Photo

TBD

### Haiku

Wet wood rots slowly\
As heavy clouds dispense rain\
The vines creep ever on

## Content

I'm currently working on a consistent set of habits and things.
Personally, I want to build a more focused life, as mentioned in my last post.
I'm exceptionally burnt out by my current job, and my ADHD definitely doesn't let me rest on any one thing long enough to cultivate a deep understanding.
Really, I need to be more conscious of my choices when it comes to these sorts of things.

So I'm going to make it my missing to pare my focuses down to the few that really matter to me. In no particular order:
- Chess
- Poetry
- Photography
- Cooking
- Exercise
- Reading
- My Belief System (TM)
- Study and Research
- My Dogs
- My Family
- My Friends

I think in the end I'll probably work on a plan for each of these areas. Realizing I need to be more deliberate and less spontaneous when it comes to things that matter to me is an important realization. I can't just let things become urgent to get my attention.
Unfortunately, I'm still a little bit in that loop. I hope that in the future I can avoid that sort of problem.

I'll let you (and me) know how that's going.

And if these are a little wandering at first, forgive me. I'm just getting started here, haven't found my voice quite yet, and I'm also still just getting back into creating things.

I'm hoping to keep the blog separate from the poetry, photography, and any research articles I do. I will likely have to update the layout in such a way to accommodate those changes.